Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Can I send it back?
I don't need a new computer.
Just bill me for your percentage,
Patricia, I don't care.
Good morning.
- Susanne, Sabine, Steffi...
Fuck!
I'm gonna lose it.
Bye.
Hey, you haven't had breakfast.
I'm not hungry!
Shit.
Esther, are you awake?
Morning.
- Morning.
OK.
May I?
- OK.
Stop that.
When we're married,
I want a bath three times a day.
When we're married...
You mean to each other?
Are you alright?
Can I help you?
No, no, thank you.
It's alright.
I'm fine, thank you.
I'm fine.
It only moves to the left.
Never to the right.
I've pulled it up, down,
I've moved the weight,
put it to the right, to the left...
I cleared the stuff under the sink,
I pulled the hose to the front, to the back,
I taped it down, hooked it up, you name it.
But when I turn on the water,
the tap moves to the left.
Only to the left.
Always left.
Call a plumber.
What?
- Call a plumber.
Ah shit. Like the tap is my problem.
Loretta, please.
I can't be your therapist.
Why not?
I'm your ex-husband.
So what?
You're also the only man
who sees right through me.
Bladder cancer.
Smoker?
- Yes.
Long?
Henriette.
Did you know that,
of women who smoke as much as men,
twice as many get bladder cancer,
even though three times
as many men get it at all,
and in Germany alone about fifteen...
We have to drink more,
that's supposed to help.
I'm sorry.
I'm so late, it's terrible, sorry.
That's new.
Yes. It suddenly started doing that.
It's the weather.
Sounds good.
What happened?
Nothing happened.
If you can't fight with your girlfriend
without her gambling away half her paycheck,
maybe you should find yourself
a new girlfriend.
Would you stop him if he wanted to?
No.
Do you consider David a grown man
who can make his own decisions?
In that case maybe you should
find yourself a new boyfriend.
What happened?
We had a date and he forgot.
And when he showed up at my place later,
he still didn't remember.
And when I called him on it,
he got angry-
He said I should have called him.
He said I was just testing him.
- Is that true?
No.
I just don't want to be forgotten.
This means not simply to settle for
a more tolerable patient.
Most importantly, we have to appeal
to the healthy part of the patient,
no matter how small it may be.
Allegedly, chronic tardiness
is merely a sign of rebellion,
arrogance or unrealistic optimism,
but definitely rooted
in a childhood conflict.
Do you agree, Mrs. Lang?
No.
Why not?
It's merely a sign of
not enough parking places.
Voltaire wrote,
medicine is the art of passing the time
the body needs to heal itself.
How are you?
Would you like some tea?
I was gonna make one anyway.
I thought about getting a dog
for a really long time.
19 years actually.
My ex-wife didn't want a dog.
She said she can't relate
to their sunny disposition.
And now I got myself
the moodiest dog I could find.
He wants to save everybody,
what are you gonna do...
Are you alright?
Can I help you?
I would like to plan a funeral.
Really?
Does that surprise you?
No, it's just...
most people who walk in here
have to plan a funeral.
You say you would like to.
I don't get that a lot.
Are you always this blunt?
I'm having a bad day.
Can I offer you a cup of coffee?
Yes, thank you.
It's my funeral.
Are you ill?
- What?
No.
- It can be crushing to lose a loved one.
Excuse me?
- Are you sure?
Henriette, would you please
call the crematory and tell them...
My brother has read all of your books,
he thinks you're a marvelous writer.
...I'm gonna be late?
- Why can't l...?
Don't you think she's a bit pale?
- Thank you.
Where were we?
- My funeral.
Can you put me on sick leave?
Yes, sure.
Good.
Thank you.
We still have time.
You might.
One of the upsides
of my imminent demise -
apart from my own obvious advantages -
is the fact
that you will no longer be able
to hide out here.
February 2004 until December 2005.
Into the deep dark sea.
I'm not hiding out.
I like helping you.
Would you like something to eat?
- No thanks, I'm not hungry.
Sunny?
You don't need to visit every day.
Mr. Bender, you have to leave now.
Please.
If someone sees you here...
How is he?
You know I'm not authorized to tell you.
See you tomorrow.
I love you.
Get out!
Out!
Yes, of course.
I'll call if I see her.
Sure.
If I'm gonna risk your mother's goodwill,
I need to know why.
Have you been drinking?
No.
So that's why you don't dare to go home.
Please, don't say anything to Morn, OK?
Or she might not let me go
to the concert on Friday,
and I've had those tickets forever!
And you think I won't get mad?
Dad, please.
And tell her
if she ever disappears like that again,
I will not only confiscate
her iPad and her phone, I will...
Shit.
Hang on a second.
You and I agreed that
we don't negotiate with terrorists...
Why do you make your life so difficult?
Why does she make my life so difficult?
Seriously, my appendix could rupture
and she would still ask me
how I did in math.
Honey, they took out
your appendix years ago...
Sure,
I'll tell her.
No, never again.
I'll take her to school tomorrow.
OK. Bye.
Are you still there?
I have to tell you something
and please don't hang up.
What?
It's incredibly sexy
when you get so mad...
Damn.
I forgot all about you. Come here.
Of all the funeral homes in the world
she had to walk into yours.
Is she married?
- No.
In a relationship?
Not that I know of.
And you'd know.
As far as I know, her boyfriend
got killed in Syria two years ago.
He was a war photographer.
She hasn't published anything since.
You think she wants to kill herself?
No! What makes you say that?
Come on, someone wants
to arrange her own funeral.
Who does such a thing without
planning to die any time soon?
A reasonable, considerate person
who doesn't want to be
anyone's burden after her passing.
Oh please, only you could think like that.
You think she wants to die?
No. But I think she has a problem.
And I don't mean a health problem.
Isabelle? Finally!
Please don't hang up again.
Listen. I can't wait forever.
I'm gonna cancel Tom's lease.
Did you hear me?
OK. If you refuse to talk to me,
I'll decide what to do with Tom's stuff
without you.
Let me know if you want to keep any...
Watch it, Sunny,
you're gonna end up in China.
What?
I mean if you keep scrubbing...
Never mind.
Are you going to the
company party next week?
But I have to let someone go,
and Sunny is the one with the least...
You can't fire Sunny.
She knows every animal here by name.
- Krüger!
Sunny named them herself.
Yeah, so?
- All the animals, even the...
She counts the penguins four times a day.
OK, then I quit.
- Don't be ridiculous!
I mean it, I quit.
And you keep Sunny on. Or I quit for sure!
And you can't afford to lose us both.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven...
If you go, I'll go too.
What?
To the company party.
Oh right. Yes. I'm going.
So we'll go together.
That's nice.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight, nine, ten, eleven...
Sunny, they're all still here.
-12,13,14,15,16,17...
OK, one, two, three...
- Sunny!
A pilot with a fear of flying.
Sounds like a bad joke.
Robert would make fun of me.
We've been together for 13 years now.
You know the last time I've been scared?
When I thought I'd lost his phone number,
the first night we met.
He knows everything about me.
And me about him.
But I only met his mother two weeks ago.
When Robert fell into a coma.
NHL.
Cancer.
Non-Hodgkin.
I'm familiar with it.
Sure.
Some of your best friends are gay, right?
My brother.
1993.
I have to go.
We still have time.
I want to help you.
I think I can help you.
Look. I'm sorry about your brother.
But if you want to help me,
spare me the sympathy.
You have no idea how I feel.
Hey, hi.
I hope I'm not too late.
I missed the bus by a thread.
If you don't stick to the arrangement,
I won't either.
What are you doing here?
Wait a minute.
So I'm not the only one who didn't know
your girlfriend was coming tonight?
Or did you tell him and he forgot?
I invited her, Mom.
What?
What arrangement?
Yeah, what arrangement?
Why don't you guys head inside...
- Come on, honey.
I want to get a good seat.
Why didn't you tell me you were coming?
I could have told you it's a bad idea.
- A bad idea?
It was Lars' idea.
And he knows very well that his mother
doesn't like it... - What about you?
A little late to ask that, don't you think?
What arrangement?
Sorry.
I swear I'm gonna shoot myself
before this kid is getting a drum set.
If Esther is getting a drum set,
I want a moped.
Esther is getting a drum set?
- No, but I want one.
When do you get that speaking English
doesn't work anymore?
As soon as you stop failing English.
Oh and you can smoke and I can't?
Exactly.
It's all downhill from here.
You suck!
Alright, that's it.
The concert tomorrow is off.
What?!
Excuse me.
There go the rats.
Go screw yourself.
Dr. Lang!
Oh, hello.
What are you doing here?
Lars is in the orchestra, David's son.
He invited me.
That's David,
the one with the cell phone.
Father of the flute.
- Exactly.
My daughter is in the orchestra too.
Which one is it?
The furious cello.
Do you have a seat up front?
No, I'll stay back here.
David has...
I don't want to spoil
the evening for Lars.
You mean you don't want Lars' mom
to spoil the evening for Lars.
Are you gonna bill me for that one?
That one was on the house.
I'll see you Tuesday?
In case we miss each other later.
You know what?
I'm done
dragging your daughter to rehearsals.
As far as I'm concerned,
she can just quit cello.
I've been tearing my hair out for ten years
and I like my hair. Now it's your turn.
If you want her to keep playing,
you drive her.
Alright.
Who is that?
The girlfriend of the father of the flute.
David's?
- Yes.
Patient?
It's a small world.
With big problems.
If we were at your place, no one would
have to leave in the middle of the night.
Yes.
You would.
Why?
No offense
but you're not exactly stepfather material.
Do us a favor
and wait with having kids
for as long as you can.
No offense but I don't think
you can afford to wait much longer.
Excuse me?
I'm not getting any younger either.
I'm serious.
I was afraid of that.
I was looking for you.
How much did you lose?
You mean other than my self-respect?
Where the hell are you coming from now?
And where the hell are you coming from?
Hey, stop!
Are you totally gone?
Tell me where you were, right now.
None of your business!
- Are you nuts?
You tell me where you were or...
- Or what, eh?
Let me smell your breath.
- No, leave me...
Screw you!
No wonder Dad couldn't stand you anymore!
I couldn't stand him anymore.
Why are you dressed?
I was looking for your sister.
That's a total lie!
She was gone all night!
Mr. Geller?
Would you like to start?
There is nothing wrong with me.
- There is a lot wrong with me.
There is nothing wrong with you.
Henriette thinks we suffer
from all kinds of fatal diseases.
It used to be just her.
Now I am terminally ill too.
You're my brother,
of course I worry about you.
She's even suspecting our clients now.
But...
you are undertakers.
Our living clients.
- I was just wondering.
You would have wondered too.
Mark has trouble sleeping lately.
Excuse me?
How do you know...?
- Oh please, I know everything about you.
Is that true?
Well...
She's my sister.
Of course I tell her things but...
I mean, is it true
that you have trouble sleeping?
Oh.
Sometimes I have a hard time
falling asleep, that's true.
Are you worried?
Of course he's worried. Aren't you?
I have no idea
how to do all that in one semester.
We always meet Wednesdays,
if you want to join us.
I'm not always free.
Or I just bring the stuff
and we meet whenever.
That would be great. Let's do that.
Mrs. Lang?
See you later.
- Don't go.
You want to go to lunch with me'?
- I can't, sorry.
How about we do something this weekend,
you and me and your daughters?
This weekend doesn't work.
Another time, OK?
I gotta go, I'll call you later.
- You say that every time.
What... Are you crazy?
What's the matter with you?
Nothing.
I'm really just busy.
Esther wants to paint her room and I...
- You know what?
Even my ego isn't big enough
to ignore how you treat me.
I don't want the girls
to get a wrong impression, that's all.
How about any impression at all?
Trust me, the last thing I need
is having to explain to the girls
in six weeks why you ran away.
Why I ran away?
You see me running away?
You're the one running away!
Slower.
Can I ask you something?
Of course.
Why don't you find yourself
a different boyfriend?
Why, you want to get rid of me?
- No.
Seriously, why do you say that?
You could find a guy who is nicer to you.
I think my therapist thinks that too.
You have a therapist?
We don't choose the ones we love.
Panama, first you
have to change your behavior
then your feelings will change too.
Trust me.
I'm early.
No problem.
But I need to take a quick walk.
Would you like to wait inside?
I can let you in.
No, thanks.
OK, then. See you in a few minutes.
Panama, let's go.
Panama!
Would you like to join us?
Sure, I can do that.
Is being late a compulsion for you?
- It wasn't my fault.
Aren't you embarrassed?
I'm always embarrassed. Give me that.
And be quiet!
Hello.
Do you come to rehearsals a lot?
I've never seen you here.
No, I...
Usually my wife... Eleonor...
Usually my ex-wife takes my daughter.
Eleonor is my daughter, not my wife.
My wife's name is Loretta. My ex-wife's.
But the two of them are currently...
Well, it's my turn for now.
I am Sophie.
Maximilian.
Max.
Nice to meet you, Max.
And what do you do for a living, Max?
I'm a doctor.
Well, I'm not a real doctor.
But sometimes I help people.
I try.
And you? What do you do for a living?
OK,
you have to ask me two questions.
First: what do you do for a living?
And then: what is your problem?
OK.
What do you do for a living?
I'm an actress.
Excuse me,
what was the second question?
What is your problem?
No, you have to...
Never mind.
Shall we go get a cup of coffee?
Why not?
Coffee! Yes.
Good.
So ask me again.
OK.
What is your... no.
What do you do for a living?
I'm an actress.
And what is your...?
- Timing!
What is your...?
You don't tell a lot of jokes, do you?
- Me?
You keep raw pasta in your purse'?
That is horrifying.
And now you.
Make a typical gesture.
I don't have one, I don't know.
Kleenex!
I once had a therapist who handed me
a roll of toilet paper instead of a tissue.
And now you have a different therapist.
Oh yeah.
He's completely different.
He's very nice.
A bit strict. But very nice.
May I ask why?
Well, he thinks I'm not...
I mean why you're in therapy.
I'll tell you
when I get to know you better.
For months everything's under control,
everything's calm.
Then suddenly,
there is a sock missing in the laundry,
the faucet is going nuts,
the garbage starts to smell,
your daughter wants you dead,
and your lover is getting serious.
You think our first-born
got switched in the hospital?
Oh well, at least we have the other one.
I'm dropping out of school.
I'm too old for this shit.
See, you think so too.
Are you serious?
That's easy for you to say.
You were in school
when your hair wasn't grey yet.
No, I meant are you serious
that that's your problem,
that your boyfriend wants to get serious.
He's not my boyfriend, he's my lover.
If he's serious, he's your boyfriend.
Well, you're a great help.
What am I paying you for,
so you can insult me?
Unbelievable.
You're not paying me.
- You're a killjoy, you know that?
No wonder your wife left you.
German, please.
I don't understand you.
You want to order?
If you made up your mind, let me know.
She's allergic to nuts and just wants
to know if any of that has nuts in it.
That'll be the day.
You want a drink?
- I'll have a beer.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Two tall beers.
40, 42?
There.
I'm not wearing those.
- If you want to bowl here you are.
Absolutely not.
- It's OK.
She has her own pair.
- OK.
You bought me bowling shoes?
OK, watch this.
- Yeah, let's see that.
Oh, right...
Hannes!
Shut up everyone for a moment.
Hannes, here's to you, you old...
Shit, I just...
We've been shuffling shit
together for 15 years,
and I've never seen you mess up.
I wish you well, you old fart.
Is it your birthday?
- To Hannes!
Bottoms up!
And you didn't tell her who you are?
No.
Wouldn't it be better to tell her the truth?
What for?
Because the truth might help you?
Why don't you just give me
something for the fear?
I can do that.
But under the influence of such medication
you wouldn't be able to fly a plane.
And it might be wise to confront the fear
rather than suppress it.
How many times do you want me to say it?
I have no reason to be afraid of flying.
I've been a pilot for 19 years.
I've never been afraid.
Even when I didn't know how to fly yet.
I've been through four emergency landings
and I don't know how many storms.
I bring down every plane safely.
I've never made a mistake.
I just want to fly again.
That's all.
Morning, Sunny.
- Morning.
You gonna get by without Hannes?
I'm sure he'll be in soon.
- He's not coming back.
He quit.
Didn't you know that?
Morning.
- Morning.
Yesterday was his last day.
He said he'll find something better.
Is there a family grave?
No.
My boyfriend's body
got dumped somewhere in Syria.
I don't know where.
His parents finally
buried an empty casket back here.
I'm definitely not going into the ground
next to an empty casket.
I could show you
some of the cemeteries if you like.
How many are there in Hamburg?
54.
Mona doesn't want you
to spend so much time with Lars.
What?
She's concerned
he'll connect with you emotionally
and only get hurt once we break up.
And what makes her think we'll break up?
She says I've never had
a serious relationship except with her,
so she assumes
we'll break up eventually too.
And what did you say?
I told her
Lars will inevitably spend time with you
once you and I live together.
Excuse me?
I heard this happens when you breathe into
a bag without actually hyperventilating.
I want you to look after yourself better.
I'm way too busy looking after you.
But I didn't put my keys there.
Does anyone else live with you that
I don't know about? - Very funny.
See you later.
David wants us to move in together.
The noise is gone.
That's a big adjustment.
Don't you want to sit down?
I have an appointment
to look at a flat around the corner.
Want to come along?
The floors are all refinished
and a whole new kitchen will be put in.
Of course we can accommodate
any special wishes
you and your husband might have
if you're interested.
I'm trying to teach him
not to drag me all over town,
but he really doesn't care.
Maybe he's a lost cause.
I don't believe in lost causes.
Then maybe you're one too.
190 square meters...
My husband is in research.
At the university hospital.
And you are also...
- I'm an actress.
Great.
Listen, I'm gonna to talk to Lars
about this myself, OK? Good...
OK. Yes, talk later. Yes.
Not on the couch, Panama.
I shouldn't mention it but being a childless
couple puts you at the top of the list.
There.
Hey, you don't give
my daughter cigarettes, understood?
I'm sorry, Mr. Lang.
Where have you been, anyway?
Have you ever heard
of Alien Hand Syndrome? - No.
You can get it after a stroke
or because of a brain tumor.
And then your own hand
may actually try to strangle you.
Out of the blue?
Well...
I don't want a service.
It wouldn't be for you
but for the people you leave behind.
I never got the point of that.
Nobody tells the truth
and everyone's scared to be next.
It helps to say goodbye.
I don't believe that.
Your books helped me.
You don't seem
like someone who needs help.
Occupational hazard.
Is it true what people say?
That you don't want to write anymore?
Can I take you home?
No.
Can I walk with you a bit?
- No.
I tried calling you a few times
but you never pick up.
Why did you quit?
I needed a change of scenery.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you before.
I didn't want you to be sad.
I always thought
if I ever drop dead in my apartment,
you'd be the one to find me.
That is the most romantic thing
a woman has ever said to me.
I didn't mean it that way.
Forget it, I gotta go.
But I would!
I would love to find you!
I mean I wouldn't love it.
But I would find you!
Hello. May I...
Follow me, please.
I'm sorry,
he's probably stuck at the office.
I got ten minutes.
If you have any questions,
I'll be in the kitchen. - Thank you.
Excuse me.
I thought I was the only one left here.
I'm waiting for my boyfriend.
Do you like the apartment?
Yes.
Do you want it?
I don't need a new apartment.
Why are you looking at one then?
I like the idea of a new apartment.
If you don't really want to move,
why don't you just say so?
Why are we looking
for an apartment at all?
Or rather, why am I looking for one?
You hardly ever...
- Of course I want to move.
I just forgot the appointment.
Do you have any idea
how busy I am right now?
I just don't have time
to look at all these places.
But this was your idea.
Why am I the one
bothering you about it?
I don't need to move. I like living here.
- I don't get it.
What?
You paid my rent without telling me?
Are you nuts?
You were four months behind.
I just made sure you wouldn't get evicted.
And instead of arguing...
- I can take care of myself.
Yeah, sure,
you prove that almost every day.
I don't want you to pay my rent
and I don't want you
to move in with me for my sake.
And why not?
Why can't I do something for your sake?
What's so wrong with that?
I'm not your problem, I'm your girlfriend.
It's always the same.
What is always the same?
- Nothing.
Where are you going?
- I'm going home.
Sunny, it's time
for George to settle his affairs.
Do you understand what that means?
OK, I'm gonna go.
You can call me anytime, day and night.
We don't say goodbye
to the people we love.
But I can't picture it.
Picture what?
I can't picture me without him.
Hello.
- Hello.
I'm sorry...
ls everything alright?
I should have called.
Do you want to come in?
I'd rather not.
I was hoping
we could maybe go somewhere.
You try so damn hard
not to become like everyone else,
and then you become
exactly like everyone else.
Do you think it's a good idea that we...
Will I see you at rehearsals tomorrow?
Of course.
Why can't I just be someone else?
What's that?
That?
That's the end of your excuses.
Excuse me?
- So you won't be late anymore.
I wasn't sure about hand or foot breaks,
so I went for hand breaks.
It has eight gears and I got you a lock,
so it won't get stolen right away.
You want to try it?
No.
Why are you giving me a bicycle?!
- Cause I'm enjoying it, I...
But I don't want a bicycle.
I like my car.
I always drive. I never ride a bike.
That is so...
- That is so what?
I can't start over, that's crazy.
What do you mean?
Of course you can.
I don't want to start over.
Yeah.
I heard you.
You have to give them back to me.
- No, I don't.
I want them back, all of them.
Isabelle, how much longer
do you want to go on like this?
I want you to give me your keys.
It's not your apartment, Isabelle.
The lease runs out
at the end of this month.
It's time. For you too.
That is not your decision to make!
He is not coming back!
I really appreciate it. Keep the change.
Thank you.
Where is your sister?
At the doctor's.
You know, lately, I keep thinking
that maybe it's enough already.
That I've buried enough people.
Comforted enough people.
I bet you'd rather deal
with your own problems too.
If that's the impression I make,
then I'm even more in trouble than you are.
The dog gave you away.
You think I'm in trouble?
It's not easy to take in
the grief of others day after day.
You're probably better at my job than I am.
Or you at mine.
Are you Dr. Lang?
Yes, I am.
Can I help you?
No.
Would you like to come in anyway?
You must have me confused
with someone else.
My father died a long time ago.
How do you know?
From my mother.
Then you have to ask your mother
why she is lying to you.
I can't.
My mother passed away six years ago.
Last time I saw my father
was 40 years ago. - 42.
This is his address.
I'm always there in the afternoons.
I can let you in.
You don't have much time.
You know what? I don't believe you.
I don't believe you want to live with me,
you just want to know that you can.
You want me to come to you,
but you don't want me to be with you.
What does that mean? I'm here, aren't I?
What do you want me to do?
Tell me. I have no idea.
What do you want from me, Sophie?
I want to believe you.
I don't want to be the one
who can't believe you anymore.
My life would be so much easier
if I had stayed with Mona.
Don't. Don't go.
Let me go!
You better go in alone.
I'll wait here.
If he needs anything...
Was this your idea?
No.
Sunny was...
- Is she my sister?
I thought you were dead.
Your mother would have
probably preferred that.
So what! Where have you been?
He adopted me when my mother died.
Shortly after they got married.
He tried to be a good father.
I have to go.
Will you come back?
- No.
I'll tell him you'll be back.
He'll like that.
Did he ever talk about me?
Every day.
Do you think
we all just get what we deserve?
No, I think we get a whole lot more.
What do you do
when you can't help someone?
Max.
It's time.
What makes you so sure
you don't deserve better?
What?
He loves me, I'm sure of that.
Not enough.
How can you know that?
How can you not know that?
I'll be right back.
I'm afraid
I can't be your therapist anymore.
What?
Listen...
- I'm sorry. I really should go now.
Where is my bag?
I didn't mean to...
If I said anything that you...
I didn't want you to think that I think...
It wasn't my intention to...
Goodbye...
I just want to fly again.
And come home to him at night.
I want the lights to be on
when I open the door.
I want music to play
and the smell of food in the air.
I want to hear him laugh
about something on the radio.
I want him to get mad at me
and kiss me anyway.
Because he always kisses me
after I landed safely.
Laurie told me
that she and her mother
pray by his bedside,
for hours.
They want to save his soul.
They have to hurry.
Everything drives me nuts.
I thought maybe I'm menopausing.
Well, everything drives me nuts
all the time anyway.
But now it's even worse.
You're not menopausing.
You're pregnant.
Is that good news or bad news?
When did you sneak in here?
Does Mom know you're here?
- Who cares.
Yeah, she's here.
I just found her.
I have no idea, I didn't hear her.
Come on, get up, I'm taking you to school.
The poor man was declared dead
and then froze to death in the morgue.
So apparent death is not the problem.
Exactly.
The others are the problem.
Not you.
Everything OK here?
- Everything's fabulous.
Can we go?
Sunny!
And is that... I mean...
The appointment is tomorrow.
Tomorrow?! What time tomorrow?
If you're busy, I'll go alone.
Wait a minute. Hold it.
Stop.
You've already made up your mind?
I can't have a kid.
That's not true.
Says who?
Think about it, Sunny.
And you wouldn't be alone.
I don't want to have a kid.
Can't you... couldn't we...
If you give me a chance...
- It has nothing to do with you.
What?
I don't want a kid. I never wanted a kid.
I don't want to be anyone's mother,
and I don't want to be anyone's girlfriend.
I don't want to be with you.
I don't want to be with anyone.
I want to be alone.
And if you don't want to help me,
I can handle this without you.
My dad's at the dentist.
Sophie has some set job.
I can't believe they think we don't get it.
What do you mean?
OK, I can't believe
they think I don't get it.
We're going to a club tonight.
Wanna come?
It's a cool place,
nobody asks how old you are.
You don't have the guts.
- Of course I do.
Well, then don't tell your stepmom.
- OK.
Or your dad.
And especially not your mom.
No.
No!
Let me through!
I have to see him one more time!
No!
I have to see him!
Hold this?
- Sure.
Oh, sorry.
You know I...
I promise I'll never turn into my mom,
if you promise
you'll never turn into your dad.
Promise?
Cross my heart.
Let's drink to that.
Has your mom called the cops yet?
- I hope not.
I don't want to go home yet, you?
Me neither.
Here.
Shit!
Are you out of your mind?
Why don't you come to the front door?
Would you have let me in?
I have something to say to you.
What?
It would be easier if you weren't armed.
Where is she? How is she?
I'm sorry Mr. Lang, I...
What you have done with my daughter?
- Nothing!
Stop it!
- What did you give her?
Are you crazy? It's not his fault!
Are you the father?
- Yes, I am Max Lang.
How is she? Can I see her?
Come with me.
We've pumped your daughter's stomach.
She's stable.
We're gradually getting her blood pressure
under control too. She was lucky.
What did she take?
4-MTA.
It's a kind of slow Ecstasy
with a high risk of overdose.
Good thing the boy was with her.
Get yourself some coffee,
it'll be a while before she wakes up.
And because I already know
what you don't even suspect,
I'm kicking you out of my class.
- Excuse me'?
If you want to learn something,
find someone else.
I want to be your boyfriend,
not your teacher.
I want to wake up next to you,
have breakfast with your daughters,
I want to stay with you
when they leave the house,
and 40 years from now, I still want to know
how you are and what's on your mind,
but your phone keeps ringing
and I'm starting to think
maybe you should get that.
Where did you get that stuff?
- I don't know.
Did you take it too?
- No.
If you're lying to us now...
- He's not lying.
He didn't even know she took it.
Wait a minute, I thought Lars was with you?
Alright that's it, I'm taking you two home.
I don't want to go.
I want to know how Elli is doing.
You've made enough trouble for...
- Hey!
Can I see her?
Yes,
but she's not awake yet.
It's my fault.
It's not your fault.
You're just saying that
so I won't go nuts.
No. I'm just saying that
She hates me
and I don't know why.
All sixteen year old girls
hate their mother.
It's in their DNA.
- I know.
But it doesn't help.
If she still hates you 20 years from now,
we'll talk again.
I'm afraid I lost my heart to a patient.
You lost your heart
to your patients years ago.
If you consider our hopeless affinity
for impossible relationships,
it's bewildering we ever got divorced.
You can't marry your best friend
and hope to get away with it.
I don't know what I would do without you.
There you are!
I'm sorry.
Is everything OK?
That child sleeps like a rock.
Come with me.
I really don't think
we should wake her up now.
She'll hate me before we get a chance
to get to know each other.
Good morning, sweetie.
I want you to meet someone.
Are you awake?
- No.
You want to go back to sleep?
This is Fabian.
Hi Esther.
I heard you have a band.
I had a band too when I was..
- Fabian is my boyfriend.
Fabulous.
I'm so glad you woke me up
for this news flash.
There is no way
this could have waited until breakfast.
Thanks a lot.
Give me your phone.
- What? No.
Give me your phone!
- Over my dead body...
Stop that...Are you crazy?
Come get it!
Don't you ever do that again!
I was just joking around...
Swallowing a bunch of pills
and almost dying is no joke.
If something happens to you,
it's not just your life that's over.
That's the deal when you're loved,
whether you like it or not.
Do you get that?
Yes.
OK.
And from now on
you'll be nicer to your mother.
She knows ten times more than I do.
You can't treat people like that.
I mean
I think you can't treat people like that.
Because you'll end up all alone.
And I know you like being alone,
but not always, and then you'll be alone.
And then nobody will come meet you
this time of night, in some bar,
or anywhere else.
Because you can't treat people like that.
I'm sorry.
And it's not always your decision alone.
And sometimes you're not alone
even though you would rather be,
because maybe the other person wouldn't,
and that's something you do for someone.
When you love someone.
- I kept it.
What?
I didn't do it. I kept it.
Here.
So you can find me.
I don't know a lot
and the older I get, the less I know,
but one thing I know for sure.
When my time is up,
I want to remember the things I did
and not the ones I didn't.
I'll rather regret the risks I took in vain
than remember those
I successfully avoided.
What are you doing here?
I made a mistake.
You can't just show up here
and say things like that...
- I want to hurt anyone who causes you pain.
I want to...
I didn't know therapists make house calls.
Please excuse me.
I shouldn't have come.
I'm sorry.
Good night.
Can I help you?
L.-
You broke my door.
What are you doing here?
I'm Robert Linden's boyfriend.
He was cremated this afternoon
and is scheduled
to be shipped to the US tomorrow
to be buried in the family grave.
That is our prettiest urn.
I think that is our prettiest...
I should go.
Mr. Bender.
Did Mr. Linden
ever talk to you about his wishes?
I want you to leave.
I will miss you.
Not enough.
I did contemplate calling you first.
I don't want to write books
I know he won't read.
I bury people for a living.
I have no idea what it means to write.
I hardly remember myself.
If you can't write for him anymore,
maybe you can write about him.
You have a gift, Mark.
You might think it's a curse.
But it's a gift.
I think I'm going home now.
I think that's a good idea.
Panama, come on.
Can I have the check, please?
Would you excuse me for a moment?
- Sure.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org